You know there's no way mom's gonna let you sleep through your first day of junior high school
Alex yes is it an exciting day you said for me miss a Tron thence I just got off the phone
with our testing facility they'll be ready for the GC 161 transport later this
afternoon that's very good news miss a Tron it has to go smoothly you're the
only one I can trust for this sort of thing you won't have to think about it
again I won't but I'll have to reschedule that lunch for later on in the week can
you make sure that I had that market research on my desk when I get in
this morning right let me talk to Judy Annie where is your sister upstairs
trying unsuccessfully to define herself through fashion I should just face it I'm
boring plain and simple boring what are you working on dad you haven't taken your
eyes off that screen for days this new compound I was telling you about GC
161 there's a real buzz at the plant about it are you on the mechanism or
applications strictly the mechanism and everything else about it is very top
secret I have no idea what they have in mind for it but it has some extraordinary
properties hi oh yes good morning this is Barbara Mack returning your call uh-huh
hold sure I can hold hi mr. Mack good morning Raymond where's Alex going
through pre-traumatic stress syndrome here you are Alex you missed
breakfast okay I'm not really hungry I can eat you must be nervous about your
first day at school everything's gonna be just fine just don't expect me to be
the award-winning genius like Annie we don't expect that sweetie that's true Alex
in fact if you just pass on to the next grade they'll be ecstatic Annie
enough Alex I have surprise for you trolls very cutting-edge hi Alex thanks
mom I better get going George isn't there something you want to say to Alex
before her first day at school well Alex first day well good luck Raymond the
stakes are big the works harder the girls pretty and you sink a swim and me I'm a
shark so we'll start with a little review I assume you all have covered most
of this territory in your sixth grade math classes please settle down where was
I okay if a x squared plus bx plus c equals zero then x equals minus b
plus or minus the square root of b squared minus 4ac over what okay how
about Alexander Mack best do you mind if I grab some lunch on the way the
testing facility is expecting the shipment now you can get your lunch after
you made the delivery okay but I'm really pretty hungry hey this is important your
lunch can wait and take back roads no stop it no nothing do you understand which
part it was worse than I thought it would be I got shoved in a locker I
ripped my class schedule and everyone here hates me I like you no offense Ray
but I'm gonna need more than you survive here I'd say I'm sinking let's just go
home no can do ban tryouts ban tryouts you're gonna join the band I have to try
you know my dad the avarados have a history in playing in a school band I
can't break that tradition besides maybe I'll meet some girls well I'm a
girl girl type girls Alex oh girl type girls I'll come over later yeah see you
why don't you watch where you're going yo check out her lunchbox hey what are you
guys doing or man Scott relax we're just missing around with her chill out
Jessica go back to practice first day huh daddy get better I hope so what's
your name Alex um Alexandra hey Scott why don't you ask her about trolls she's
an expert what does she mean do you like trolls or something I um I used to but
not now I mean not anymore I'm too old to play with troll dolls any dolls well
hey I'll see you later okay
thrown into prison and the warden wants to erase her memory with a mind
wipe it's been our pleasure to serve you please come again hey tonight at a
special time 837 30 central only on snack opening every rostichirios deliciously
sweet and crunchy part of this complete breakfast my mouth it's so excited now
those little those are frosted for a crunchy sweet taste everyone's into well
duh of course it's delicious rostichirios taste so good this box never
closes who ate all my cereal now when you buy a sunday a dairy queen you can get
another one free coupon on these specially marked cereals kids like me were
running the world I'd have my own stunt double what an exhibit on tree bark
she'd take my place whenever I want oh me baby sitting cut you really oh
okay with miss group we didn't practice did we cut but she never take my place
at McDonald's cut she owes me
it could happen feared by those who don't know how loved by people who think
they do dancing it was one of Pete's biggest fears we move and I'm doing
out of here like a beef belt and pit stain wasn't about to show him any steps
dancing so easy get out there ruin your life watch the adventures of Pete and
Pete look out for Larissa Olnick this Sunday at 635 30 central on me
care for a green egg of this Saturday night we would like to invite you to
watch Nick at night's TV land sampler hmm your chance to savor some fine
programming normally available on a new 24-hour network our selections this week
pedicol junction green acres sunny and share and Ed Sullivan each episode is
hand-picked to offer a variety of tasty entertainment so join us for Nick at
night's TV land sampler this Saturday on Nick at night stay tuned for more
Alex Mack on top first day I was coming home from school when this
plant truck swerved almost hitting me when it crashed ma'am right into a
hydrant then this barrel of gold stuff spilled out all over me hmm you're not
clever enough to make this up and is now not even doing anything I think I
turned on the saw and the electric chainset drive a set some kids stepped
into the road and he had to swerve to avoid him him or her he didn't get a
good look I've kept the police away from here so far this is an absolute
disaster here's another piece of news you're not gonna like to hear he says
that when the GC 161 spilled out of the truck it covered the kid from head to
toe what I'm afraid so but we found a handprint in the mud
accident and I'm hoping to match the kid up to it that's I know nothing about GC
161 I know nothing about this accident and I know nothing about this kid
until you find him and bring him to me I'll take care of it like you took care
of this your blood pressure and body temperature are normal how do you feel
my arms and legs are all tangling what do you think it is I don't know
it could be nothing so I shouldn't worry of course he should worry for all we
know you could have been hit by something that's seeping into your brain cells at
this very minute and attacking your central nervous system and you're gonna
turn into a quivering mass of jelly Alex was involved in a little accident an
accident you ain't no money to school you know about that I just came from
here the place is going nuts okay so we all just need to relax because Alex
is glowing a little I mean no big deal no big deal no big deal look at her Annette
Wayne Neil Kinsella Johnny Yellman oh come on pal give me something you were the
only one who was there I told you things I didn't get a good look at all happened
so fast well we know the kid was either from the junior high or the
high school and was headed home on foot when the boys in the lab bring down the
handprint ID unit we'll get going door-to-door by this kid we grab a bite
before we start I get the feeling this was not just some minor accident those
plant security guys were out there this has got to be something big it wasn't
my fault they'll blame you adults always do he's right we can't tell
anyone until this whole thing dies down I am really hungry right can I have some
chips how can you think of eating at a time like this hi honey hi how was your
day good good at the end of the day they announced some kind of major security
alert did the kids mention anything about a truck accident near school I
haven't even seen the girls maybe they're out back I'll go check well you're not
glowing anymore so you're starting to look like yourself again maybe it's just a
temporary thing huh yeah maybe where did Alex go Ray I think that's her yeah
right stop it and really go find a place Ray don't say hi dad what's up
hey Annie am I glad to see you hey Ray have you kids seen Alex Alex no apparently
she had to stay late after school to try out for the basketball team right right
basketball I didn't know she liked basketball neither did I she's just
full of surprises well as long as you know where she is what's Raymond doing
here without her oh helping me with a new science project I'm trying to adjust
his molecular structure to change him into a human puddle as long as you clean
up the mess afterwards Alex come out my clothes maybe I should tell dad he can
take me to the plant and they can give me an antidote or something no no way my
guess is that whatever doused you is illegal and majorly top-secret I mean if
you go public dad can lose his job or worse worse I say that Daniel H on in
her security guys never let you see the light of day again they're gonna cut you
up piece by piece and put you under some microscope and examine you like you're
some frog in biology class I beg your brain to end up in a jar from now to
hide right why don't you go back to the accident site and see what you can
find right we do this block and then another three I want to cover this
entire neighborhood by nightfall four events even if I don't recognize the
kid will probably recognize me all we need is for the kid to stick his hand
in this handprint ID unit it's plant security they're outside going door to
door they have this thing that you stick your hand in that can identify you you're
in big trouble if they see me like this I'm dead both of you calm down we have
to make sure they don't find you so let's go change your clothes okay well
you can forget that you're gonna have to liquefy again this time maybe if you
concentrate harder you can transform your clothes too but what if I can't reform
again and I'm just gonna live the rest of my life as a puddle would that be such
a loss I'm just kidding look you did it once you can do it again right right
go home and if they come to your house just try not to say anything too
ready go for it give me a sec then follow me sorry Alex that won't work you're
gonna have to go through the plumbing plumbing away you've got no choice
somehow you got to get to the upstairs bathroom good luck thanks oh Annie this
is Vince and Dave from the plant and they just want to ask you a couple of
questions sweetheart do you know where you were at 3 30 this afternoon sweetheart I
don't even know you I apologize at 3 30 I was in my advanced placement
chemistry class working on a gravity waves experiment and your other daughter
well I haven't seen her and she stayed late at school she had to be home by
minute I saw her dad she's been home for a while she said she was gonna go
upstairs why don't we check on wait just a second guys she's my daughter I'll go
check if she's there I'll bring her down you do that Alex well here you are I
didn't see you come in I said hi I thought you heard me do you know anything
about an accident near school today an accident good I need you to come
downstairs and tell a couple of people that I was upstairs doing my
homework that should do it so if you don't mind we'd like to eat our dinner just
as soon as the girls have their handprints recorded mr. Mack so that we
know that they've been checked out and now the younger one oh no I'm sorry Vince
but we have another one in the car excuse me isn't that your vehicle
rolling away I'm really worried Annie the plant won't stop until they find
me between my brains and your powers that won't be too easy everything
changed Alex you were just this average kid headed for this life of
inconsequence and boredom and now look at you I can tell you one thing my
second day of junior high is gonna be a lot different than my first I bet we
make the cover of scientific America one day you would have made it by
yourself eventually don't worry I'll take all the credit
good night Alex have a good night sleep kid you won't have many more you slip
through my fingers for now but tomorrow is another day on sale now you can be a
cool cat with the hottest video around yeah it's the aristocats when you
take three courageous cats two daredevil dogs and one conniving catnapper mix them
all together and what do you get you can join the wildest and jazziest
adventure ever Walt Disney's one and only the aristocats on sale now rated G
excuse me what are they doing in there Calox rice Krispy's treat cereal taste
treat cereal hey we do what it takes for treat cereal you girl sure brought your
appetite absolutely true you can't always be sure what your kids are watching
when you're not around but you can offer them an alternate channel wow a new
online service from compu serve try it free you just spent thousands of
dollars for a new computer are you getting the best return for your
investment instead get wow a new online service from compu serve sunny knows what
makes kids cuckoo for cocoa puffs chocolatey tasting cocoa puffs a tasty
breakfast now when you buy a sunday a dairy queen you can get another one free
coupon on these specially mark cereals you discussed you debated and then you
voted now tune in large the Nickelodeon's ninth annual kids choice awards you'll
see hot musical guests special award presenters and you'll find out who's
gonna take home a big orange blimp don't miss the kids choice awards next
Saturday 8 7 central only on Nick Warden Opus at your service that would mean
there's been a mistake there are no mistakes in prison only prisoners
prisoners that will never again see the light of day like you have a nice day
I of the future sees them five clever space cadets snuck aboard an alien ship
flown through a weird home in space thousands of light years from the
Academy it seemed like a good idea at the time but will they ever get home or
are they forever destined to be space
panic there's got to be a way out here maybe not Susie we're doomed when I first
saw this place it was from the outside what is it commanding prison satellite most
likely like sentence facility this deep in space commander I strongly disapprove
of our getting this close to a prison facility we could be murdered in our
sleep well I'm not scared of course just think about all of those frighteningly
dangerous criminals they're locked up usually it's the ones that are free after
worry about how awful imagine living your entire life in a cage like some kind
of animal well I know I've seen enough we should thank our lucky stars for the
mere seven years of our lives we have to spend on the crystal better already
I don't know what they did you know to be locked up forever probably broke the
law matter they're signaling us oh dear when we're dead don't say I didn't warn
you what do you think they want only one way to find out Rosie established
communications you are now passing out of the satellite prison loft sector your
ship must be scanned for stowaways before you proceed you may proceed
with scanning relax standard prison procedure you seem to have a rather
extensive knowledge of prisons I'm well read commander I'm getting some sort of
energy spike by the power junction can't go check it out
rainbow girl parents processing is now complete thank you for your cooperation
energy readings are back to normal you heard it people are back in business
you may now proceed out of the satellite prison loft sector and you can go
directly to jail and where's cat command post the power junction come in cat she's
not responding commander this is most unlike your stand back I'm gonna blast
my way out is a neural scram don't move or I'll blow your entire neural net
now take me to your leader why aren't we going anywhere because to take you to
the command post I would have to move and you asked me not to androids command
post the power junction she's done our responding commander all right nobody
moves she said that but I don't think she really means it who are you I am
techno human not you so I'm so fienna mertz but you can call me jack hi jack exactly
I'm taking over this ship and if you don't do exactly as I say you can forget
about ever seeing your pretty little rainbow headed friend again
nice name bad luck I guess that's what happens when you're in the wrong place
at the wrong time I knew it I warned you about just this sort of thing I told
you it wasn't safe to suck in it would you now as I was saying no one will get
hurt as long as you all cooperate but if anyone tries anything I will get it with
the neural scrambler that's right surprisingly it feels exactly like a
finger where's Catalina don't come any closer okay so maybe I don't have a
neural scrambler but this is a triggering device for a very powerful
explosive I've attached to the hull of your ship if you don't take me to the
coordinates I specify I'll be forced to blow us all up she's bluffing commander
maybe maybe not who'd like to find out that's better now prepare to re-route
your course hey are you talking to me I'm not talking to myself remind me of
myself when I first came here I must have tried a million different ways of
busting up what happened still here right but someone has a skate don't worry
kid we'll get used to it we all do and it's not so bad time passes you're
young and you can pull it off if you do take me with you all right it is
impossible to escape the prisoner that's what I'm trying to tell you someone has
escaped the person that will be in here if someone had escaped the cell would be
empty it is not empty therefore no one has escaped is there a prisoner in that
cell of course not no that prisoner was taken to be mind wiped we erased his
entire memory we do that to prisoners who won't cooperate like 24601 she refuses to
tell us where she's hidden a very important document cell my wife
scheduled for 1200 hours a kid from the city just got shipped away for the
summer kind of be some mistake and he feels like a fish out of water well a
girl or what or what until he made friends with one of the locals really care
about little bit aren't you Paul Hogan and Elisha Wood flipper rated PG starts
Friday May 17th at theaters everywhere so you think you can run the Cheetos
business mr. cheetah just a cheetah yes mr. cheetah we're looking for someone
who can take the reins of this cheese done someone who can fully appreciate these
savory morsels these delicious treasure troves and cheese
cheetos chees that goes wait until he hears about no cheetos cheesy checker
the new powerbuckle only from Blade Runner just one snap and it's a whole new day
sunny knows what makes kids cuckoo for cocoa puffs chocolate tasting cocoa puffs
a tasty part of this complete breakfast now when you buy a sundae a dairy queen
you can get another one free coupon on these specially marked cereals good
burgers good soda good music
can I take your order stay tuned for all that it's up next on Nick stay tuned for
more space on set for sector 25 hold on to we're not going anywhere until you tell
us what you've done with Catalina if you don't take me to sector 25 you won't
care about Catalina because you'll be dead what's in sector 25 looks like an
asteroid field why are we going to an asteroid field do you the history data
bank on this ship the crystal has a complete historical reference good
reference Julian Mertz famous computer scientist my famous father a quite
auspicious career until that most unpleasant episode discredited and jailed
for experimenting with inhumane war methods during the love conflicts that's a
lie my father was working on a computer virus that would end the love war by
rendering all their weapons useless what happened the love found out about his
work they eventually had him terminated but not before he hid the
virus in a document cell in that asteroid field now I've got to get it back
all right enough talk let's move mind white get out of here Susie I know I
know but it's the only way I can think of you still want to offer to go out and
pick up that document so yeah right he threatened to rewire her into a can
opener she didn't piggy piggy just coming in get it get it to me finally I've
waited a long time to get my hands on this you better get down on your hands
and knees and beg that the information in this document cells intact think about
it you push that button we blow up that means you too well if I can't have the
cell it doesn't matter you can have the cell commander we want Catalina so
fiano wants document cell sounds like a trade to me keep talking all right now
you tell us where Catalina is and we'll give you the document cell and why
should I trust you how do I know you won't keep the cell once you've got
Catalina well for the same reason we had to trust you because you got no
choice besides I still think you're bluffing about that bomb my initial
external scan confirmed that there was a device on the hull of the ship and it
is all right so I was bluffing this doesn't mean our deal is off right cat is
in prison the only way to escape unnoticed was to get someone to take my
place and you happen to be cruising by I knew it was dangerous to come this close
that awful place now Catalina is in jail do I have to remind you that these
students are our responsibility everything is going to be fine it's not
like she can wander off and get lost she can't go anywhere see that jail cell
that's right I mean she is safe there right so piano right there is this
little mind wipe thing they do you were scheduled for a mind wipe and you set
up Catalina to take your place how could you do such a thing one mind versus an
entire race I thought it was the obvious choice she won't know us she won't
even know her own name I thought it was the right thing to do
Harlan just a hyperdrive come on me and we'll get out of here
long live the love long live the love long live the love long live the love
attention prisoner 24601 you may now stop running there is no escape from the
prison a lot your color identify it's been our pleasure to save you please come
again commander do you have a plan to get Catalina out of course I just haven't
thought of it yet don't worry commander I got you covered you do yeah so if you
wanna can get us into the prison know how to do that and this can get us out
we'll trade the document so for Catalina I thought we had a deal we did I just
changed the terms of our agreement I won't help you get back into the prison you
will turn you back in minutes left to live thank you please come again nice
work fellas for a couple of rust buckets leave them to me I'll deal with
them after I'm done with prisoner 24601 we're looking for prisoner 24601
there's been a mistake that's impossible there are no mistakes in the prison lot
you got the wrong person stop the mind right yeah just keeping this time
some Vienna a mistake would mean that the person whose color identifier will
detonate it exactly 1200 hours is not prisoner 24601 but if that weren't
prisoner 24601 she wouldn't be wearing the color identifier therefore there's
been no mistake and no my wife good just a little explosion
you say 12-minute hours I've got my go digging around you've been a great
friend
no no I heard you Susie I think my ears are playing tricks on you Harley
this time I can't do it that is not possible the detonation cannot be
stopped it is automatic and it will happen in 30 seconds be some way to stop
it we tried please let me go look you're not going anywhere until we get
back
in this document cells immerse computer virus the men's virus I must have it not
so fast office how about a train deactivate the collar and the cell is
yours give me the cell and I deactivate the collar only after you deactivate the
collar not until you give me the cell deactivate the collar and so I
what happened so Fienna yeah well at least I have my freedom and I have you
guys to think for that well you're only doing what was right that's very gracious
of you Katarina yeah she almost got you killed I thought I was doing the right
thing we can get you all mixed up I guess sometimes what you think is right
isn't right and you end up doing the wrong thing for the right reasons good
luck to you thought that document cell I'm gonna need it oh by the way do you
think you got any room in there for this document cell but I was there I saw it
explode I was bluffing the other one was a blank I took from our library I
figured one bad switch deserved another thanks this is Angelique from all that
check it out when our musical guest Montico jams on all that next on next
battle try to get along so my functions mostly wrong over party rule these
donkeys haven't bought it's not too funny Katarina's best friend to be isn't there
that is coming up next we shall be who Nickelodeon's first kid detective I
want to check it out she gathers the clues she questions the suspects she
earns the admiration her friends at the police station don't want to
investigate I mean just one small problem I have to do all the good nobody's looking
think you can crack the case along with Shelby then check out the files mystery
files of Shelby who Sunday at 6 5 central only on Nickelodeon's kids pick the
president presents another great historical moment me in the 1948
presidential campaign newspapers and polls predicted that Thomas Dewey
would beat Harry Truman by a lot of votes so the Chicago Daily Tribune free of
their paper before the votes were counted and claimed Dewey the winner front
page declared Dewey defeats Truman but they were wrong and Truman never let him
forget on sale this week it's Disney's Tom and Huck now you can join
your favorite bad boys Jonathan Taylor Thomas and Brad Renfrow on a wild
because when Tom and Huck team up for fun you know trouble is right around the
bed it's the hilarious hit you and your friends will fall for
Disney's Tom and Huck rated PG look no nest we quit cookies and cream
cookie crumbs yeah well cookies led the sweet life got the brush off we were a
joke what a crummy life see what I mean but thanks to Nestle quick
agitation Nestle quick cookies and cream
you're creating quite a stir and it tastes like cookies drink a cookie quick
Davey we got it made is this cool or what okay cool cool Kellogg's corn pop
cereal is part of this complete breakfast I gotta have my pops
I'm ready right you're ready all right I'm just gonna walk up to him and say hi
and then he'll say hi and then I'll say good and then I'll come right back totally
ready I'm totally ready I'm totally not ready you're totally not ready and now
Nickelodeon presents another episode of school bus
the worst thing that can happen you make up a lot of yourself everyone laughs
at you when you go home crying no big deal no big deal what there yes all right
here you go girl I'm great you're great I'm not great don't go girl you know what
I'm thinking what are you thinking he's not the right day today's definitely not
the day wait will Jessica say hi to Cosmo tomorrow's the right day tomorrow's
totally the right day will she say hi to Cosmo tomorrow now I'm thinking maybe the
day after tomorrow's better day after tomorrow's totally better and we'll
Salvador find his backpack what do you mean it's right here as our school bus
I'm on a loudspeaker man I'm late thanks a lot
I fell asleep with my legs all twisted
show starts in three minutes
I'm going to make us late at least help me help my last bus leave
seriously Cal this is no time to be playing games two minutes two minutes to show
you on stage all right
just go away I can't leave my legs they fell asleep tell you you have a couple
fans out here who wanted to meet you
look and watch ready yet get set it's all that
mind
I'm okra our topic today kids out of control let's bring out our first guest his
name is Robert Davis from Washington well I guess I don't have to tell you Robert's
problem
tell us all about it well okra I just can't seem to stop throwing stuff I feel the
hurt and how long has this been going on well since I was in the fifth grade and
when did you realize that just can't seem to stop throwing stuff you see
people like Robert have thank you
now Danny I understand you have a problem now Danny I can't help but notice you
screamed in my ear that's right okra see I'm a screamer I love to scream scream
all the time I feel the hurt and has this created problems for you
great our next guest is Kathy Weiner Kathy
Kathy understand you have a problem on this either like see which means you eat
things that shouldn't be eaten is that true thank you
I don't know because have you had this problem I see that's my friend girl you
better get on well now I think it would be a good time to take some
questions for my studio audience yes you sir yeah I've got a question for the
boy who throws things when did you first realize hi okra I have a question for
the young man who screams Danny do you have a problem with a screamer
yes you sir hi there okra love the show oh thank you I just wanted to
congratulate the girl who eats the non-food products I think it's great
you have the courage to come out here and admit your problem you know thanks to
you I too can now admit that I feel the hurt now I know many of you are
thinking kids like this could not grow up to be achievers but I'm gonna tell you
that they can and to prove it I brought my special friend and in my
guess Roseanne I understand when you were child you had a problem that you
cannot control is that true yeah that's right okra oh and what's karate
osis and now Lori better Denver with more vital information for your everyday
life when someone asks you what you had for lunch you'll sound weird if you say
hey now what I eat for lunch is between me and my sweet tummy now if you're
taking a bath and your cat jumps in the tub with you look I'm right in the
middle of vital information can't wait just a sec television giving out vital
information and your phone rings don't answer it back up to these messages me
around the world I'd be the world's greatest adventure I did mention the
adjustable law so I never have to mow it and with my patent in air hockey for
picking up when actually I'd make my room detachable so I can go anywhere and
my ultimate creation the world's tiniest McDonald's then I could get Mickey
D's anytime thanks of course I'd have to do my own supersizing it could happen
opening everywhere deliciously sweet and crunchy part of this complete
breakfast my mouth it's so excited now those little those are frosted for a
crunchy sweet taste everyone's into well duh of course it's delicious
frosted Cheerios taste so good this box never closes who ate all my cereal now
when you buy a sundae a dairy queen you can get another one free coupon on
these specially marked cereals stay tuned for more on this one's cold I'm sorry
but it looks like we've blown it up with fire so we're gonna have to cancel the
show but what can we do we can't get the amp mix this late at night my drums no
problem guys my drums you're a repair man I'm the repair man I can repair my
job now wait can you repair our blown up my fire blown up that's not even a
challenge for repair man why do you keep doing what they're like some kind of
pretend that never mind there's a broken out that needs to be repaired and
repaired that guitar looks so why are you afraid that presents a semi
educational moment every day French would Pierre s car go
entre jolie d'assauro de marier your grandfather looks pretty in that wedding
dress es que j'ai pas choutuit en champs may I tickle your kitty cat
the cowboy I really play more a pool de viande that cowboy sniffed my lunch
beat I bought this camera your department store yesterday and it
doesn't work the department store doesn't work and what's your complaint
camera is broken see you hit the button the flash goes off but it doesn't take a
picture oh counter for a long time I still don't understand why people buy
broken things I didn't know it was broken when I bought it I just want to
return it why why don't do that do that rather keep this broken camera to deal
with the likes of you screwy bowling bowl from this department store and you
people accidentally send me this bowl instead and do you have a complaint don't
you see me standing here something wrong with the bowl you can feel the
ball with what the bowling ball but you can't eat cereal out to someone else you
talk to her day about things complaint department burger and doll and it's
supposed to say ten different good burger phrases when you pull a straight like
welcome to good burger home of the good burger can I take you right but this
it just keeps repeating the same phrase over and over
no see it repeats the same thing no it's supposed to say different stuff no no
why must money no no no and the magic of Montego coming up next what you
back up to these messages feared by those who don't know how loved by people who
think they do dancing it was one of Pete's biggest fears we move what I'm
doing is out of here like a beef bilge and pitstain wasn't about to show him
any steps dancing so easy just get out there ruin your life watch the
adventures of Pete and Pete look out for Larissa Olnick this Sunday at 635 30
Central on Nick
car for a green egg gods this Saturday night we would like to invite you to
watch Nick at night's TV land sampler hmm your chance to savor some fine
programming normally available on a new 24-hour network our selections this
week petticoat junction green acres sunny and share and Ed Sullivan each
episode is hand-picked to offer a variety of tasty entertainment so join us
for Nick at night's TV land sampler this Saturday on Nick at night sorry oh I miss
the old M&M days are dipping the chocolate pool quick candy shower milk
chocolate melts in your mouth not in your hand call it a day no don't wake
up your famous try not to trip this time no problem
I'll be full
I'll wishing well let's all make a wish I wish tricks could be bursting with an
even bigger food your flavor yeah the best tasting tricks ever I wish for some
right now
the fruitier it is the best tasting tricks ever what about my wish
silly rabbit the best tasting tricks is still just for kids new tricks part
of this good breakfast with the fruitier taste that's every kid's wish come
true
you're watching snick now back to all that
na plaudice for l'oscagette nous dans vos frais visage do not clap your hands
when I squeeze in your face
na plaudice pour pour la thé effecte de ma mère do not clap your hands for my
mother's infected toe
plaudice for note in vitae musical
Montico but please clap your hands for our musical guest
Montico
realizing that the same thing could come back to you
but I tell you
you're gonna miss me just you be but it seems as if my
wasn't good enough
to do when you got the feeling so sad and blue all I can do is cry but I tell you
Frank here from the midnight society are you afraid of the darkest next on snick
all that was recorded in front of a live audience at Nickelodeon studios at
Universal Studios Florida
on sale now drop in on one of the wildest intentions ever
team up with Jonathan Taylor Thomas and Brad Renfro in Disney's Tom and Huck
they're looking for treasure they say this place is holy and finding nothing
but trouble now you can get in on all the fun with this hilarious hit it's
Disney's Tom and Huck rated PG okay magic make me lucky Charton's
marshmallows right to the never into me rainbow the colors go and outcome
brighter marshmallows only in lucky charms a magical part of this good
breakfast Disney's coolest cats are now on video the aristocats it's the wildest
adventure ever now you can save $5 on the video with three proofs from any
general middle cereal what's up with her
water is nice and warm
let's take a hand at it and see if we don't eat it when did you guys get here
just now why are you so tired
I haven't gotten any sleep in three days and Stephanie is in town
uh-oh the snoring machine it's unbelievable the sound comes right
through the wall it's like a lawnmower in my head there's a cure for that
there is sure stick cotton in her nose it'll stop her from snoring or make her head
explode well at least I got a story out of it you have a story about a snoring
aunt no fool about house guests it's fun having visitors but when you invite
someone over you better make sure you know what you're getting into
because even a cool visitor can overstay their welcome but there's another kind
of guest the kind that comes by surprise the kind that comes uninvited and
that's the worst kind and in my story there's a guest who won't leave until it
gets what it wants submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society I
call this story the tale of an unexpected visitor
griff no play it like this that's cool if you're writing elevator tunes
perch you gotta hear the music no man you gotta feel the music how do you feel
music with no beat Jeff and perch were best friends who decided to form a band and
write music only problem was they had different ideas about what good music
was showtime I'm serious in this room playing a video game I hope this is awesome
your dad must be some kind of genius yeah right he's a research egghead don't
call me Sherman I hate it what kind of research stuff with satellites he
doesn't talk about it much it's all top secret top secret I'm puking believable
well believe it cuz tonight it's gonna get us this century and we're pulling it
down for free now all I gotta do is jump a couple security gates and uplink to
the satellite man my father could access any satellite in the sky he could
probably dial up the space show yo Sherman what's the Peabody project don't my father
will kill us if he finds out we're doing this chill I was just looking at it what
is it it's dad's big project something about deep space communication deep space
we could dial up captain Kirk oh man if he snitches we're dead don't touch anything
that's supposed to be down there you're not gonna tell mom and dad are you you know
I'm kind of feeling like a banana split great blackmailed by a nine year old
and I guess you want some to Montana to engage tight peabody where's the chocolate
sauce what coordinates once coordinates selected input message message okay I
got a message for you message received yeah right you're not gonna tell mom and
dad about perching me in the basement are you not if you put some cherries on
it how I turn this bad boy off I don't know finish your Sunday
universe and somebody answer bear I told you not to touch anything close encounter
no it was probably just a heck of an asteroid or something looks away I'll power
down guys is everything okay but yeah sure promise absolutely except you did
the one thing we asked you never to do sorry I know we shouldn't have done it
but if you give him ice cream before bed he'll never get to sleep oh right right
ice cream yeah that was kind of a bad move cleaned up life on the edge cool we
should write a love song you can't miss with a love song I've never been a
love Sherman it's not real if you gotta make it up so what do you want to write
about I don't know life on the road being free going where the highway leads you
never been out of this town hey I'm going to my answer Thanksgiving oh what a
rebel hi honey hi perch where you going your father forgot to tell me he had a
banquet tonight I'm already late dinner's ready just have to nuke it
make sure Bobby eats oh and I can't seem to find Montana probably got sprayed by a
skunk again see if you can find him okay yeah sure bye good no wonder you can't
write music Sherman your life is like boring let's go find him you're going
to stay right here and play t-ball perch and I'll go find Montana how come
because if he comes back and no one's here he might leave again right okay
why can't I stay and play t-ball problem is Sherman yeah can't write music
because our lives are so dull exactly I used to get a free lunch in a row I
slept at study hall today my mom made me breakfast I ate and went to school
we're lost Sherman lost in a dweeb like comfort zone wasteland Montana
this is Montana's are you sure it's not a slobbery Nick will be back after these
messages take two things you like your classmate and music video put them
together rockin now this is a cool school ego cinnamon toast waffles have it
all together too great taste together rockin what a cinnamon sweet ovation
ego cinnamon toast waffles are a part of this good breakfast you're really jam on
yeah baby ego cinnamon toast waffles this place has it all together the principal
what's your auto class what's on TV tonight who cares a new online service from
CompuServe try it free yes you can customize your computer from the
outside but with a wow you can also customize it from the inside a new
online service from CompuServe try it free once again the search for the newest
fruit roll-ups continues first we tried robot rolls but that idea fell apart
then we chiseled out stone rolls but that one gave us a hard time and we finally
got cooking it's new peel and build fruit roll-ups just peel out fruity
tasting ingredients and build a fruit snack that's really tops now that's
a pretty pizza you peel and build roll-ups what fun fruit roll-ups will we roll
out with next stay tuned for more are you afraid of the dark Montana
he's never been gone this long hope nothing what was that better I'll be
that skunk Montana who's there you're some serious fighters here
what is that I don't want to be a bummer but that sound like the music from last
night nobody's home doorbell it's gone maybe it was like like maybe he's inside
dance hall he never leaves this on what's that it's the peabody thing that's us
and that's where I said the messages it's clear across the galaxy man five
messages received their messages stored in memory those dots should reach when came
from they're getting closer the last one came from earth whatever it is it's here
you find Bobby I'll cut that in the cellular come on Bobby don't fool around
come on answer cover up music Jeff what they do everything in tones if you play
D sharp tubes will open D sharp okay you got hang on hurry watch out for those
webs your language is yeah what do you want I came to take my child home he came
to your planet when he heard your message that's our song in our language that means
we're toys he came to play with toys he's a kid yes we are not toys lady we are
people I am sorry we will leave you now please don't think badly of my son he only came to play
you guys okay let me check up my molecules are like simpatico you okay yeah I
think so you're a hero Sherman you think of what I'm thinking what are we
waiting for didn't get in trouble because just that was so happy the peabody
project actually worked as for their songwriting Jeff and Perch finally found
something interesting to write about and they played their song for the first
time to a very special audience you ready that's rock this meeting of the
midnight society closed hey Sam can I sleep over tonight I'm sorry my parents
sorry my cousin's already sleeping over oh come on Gary I gotta get some sleep my
dad snores worse than your aunt guaranteed yeah he accused me up to hi I'm
Whitney Houston and I'll be hosting Nickelodeon's ninth annual kids choice
awards and it's just one week away so mark it on your calendar be here with
Nickelodeon's ninth annual kids choice awards comes to you live from
Los Angeles next Saturday night only on Nick see you then